DOC-1794 DOC-1832: Patch releases CE 4.3.7, 4.4.6, 4.5.4, 4.6.3, 4.7.1 inc. critical notary fix + Archive/LedgerGraph doc updates (#435)
corda/corda-docs: content/en/docs/corda-enterprise/4.7/node/operating/ledger-graph.md

LedgerGraph is a dependency for the set of Collaborative Recovery CorDapps V1.1 and above. If you are using an earlier version of Collaborative Recovery, you should not install the stand-alone LedgerGraph.
{{< /warning >}}

### New in V1.2.1

> **onDemand**: In V1.2.1 you can configure the setting 'onDemand' to 'true' or 'false'. When set to 'true', your LedgerGraph becomes an on-demand service, active only when triggered by the [Archive Service](../archiving/archiving-setup.md). This saves heap memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**onDemand**: In V1.2.1 you can configure the setting `onDemand` to `true` or `false`. When set to `true`, your LedgerGraph becomes an on-demand service, active only when triggered by the [Archive Service](../archiving/archiving-setup.md). This saves heap memory usage.
```

|-|:-:|:-:|-|
|`transactionReaderPageSize` &dagger; |`100`|`10` to `10,000,000`|The number of transactions to include in the result set when querying the database during graph initialization.|
|`transactionReaderPoolSize` &Dagger;|`10`|`1` to `1000`|The number of threads to use when deserializing transaction data during graph initialization.|

> |`onDemand`|`true`| `true`, `false`|When onDemand is set to `true`, LedgerGraph does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`onDemand`|`true`| `true`, `false`|When set to `true`, your LedgerGraph becomes an on-demand service, active only when triggered by the [Archive Service](../archiving/archiving-setup.md). This saves heap memory usage.
```
